Update content for section layout customise (#7594)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/frontend-dev-guide/layouts/xml-manage.md

```xml
<page xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:framework:View/Layout/etc/page_configuration.xsd">
  <head>
    <!-- Add local styles resources -->
    <css src="css/my-styles.css" />
    <css src="<Namespace>_<Module>::css/custom-styles.css" />

    <!-- The following two ways to add local JavaScript files are equal -->
    <script src="Magento_Catalog::js/sample1.js" />
    <script src="Magento_Catalog/js/sample1.js" />

    <!-- Magento support async or defer attribute in script tag -->

>     <script async="" src="Magento_Catalog::js/sample1.js" />

Reviewer: That's a great point!

    <script defer="" src="Magento_Catalog::js/sample1.js" />

>     <link src="js/sample.js" />

Reviewer: I would ask you to move these examples to the following section

> <!-- The following two ways to add local JavaScript files are equal -->

above.

When adding external resources, specifying the `src_type="url"` argument value is a must.

> You can use either the `<link src="js/sample.js"/>` or `<script src="js/sample.js"/>` instruction to add a locally stored JavaScript file to your theme. In this short way the path to js file will be `<theme_dir>/web/js/sample.js`. If we use `<link src="sample.js"/>` magento will get js file in `<theme_dir>/web/sample.js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use either the `<link src="js/sample.js"/>` or `<script src="js/sample.js"/>` instruction to add a locally stored JavaScript file to your theme. In this short way the path to js file will be `<theme_dir>/web/js/sample.js`. If we use `<link src="sample.js"/>` Magento will get js file in `<theme_dir>/web/sample.js`
```

```xml
<page xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:framework:View/Layout/etc/page_configuration.xsd">
   <head>
    <!-- Remove local styles resources -->
    <remove src="css/styles-m.css" />
    <remove src="<Namespace>_<Module>::css/styles.css" />

    <!-- Remove js resources -->
    <remove src="my-js.js"/>
    <remove src="Magento_Catalog::js/sample1.js" />

    <!-- Remove external resources -->
    <remove src="https://maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/3.3.4/css/bootstrap-theme.min.css" />
    <remove src="https://maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/3.3.4/js/bootstrap.min.js" />
    <remove src="http://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Montserrat" />
   </head>
</page>
```

Note, that if a static asset is added with a module path (for example `Magento_Catalog::js/sample.js`) in the initial layout, you need to specify the module path as well when removing the asset.

{:.bs-callout-warning}

> If js files have called via requirejs approach by declare require/define we can't remove it from layout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If js files have called via RequireJS approach by declaring in require/define sections, we can't remove it from the layout.
```
